Hotfix/browser compatibility (#520)
vtex/styleguide: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

### Fixed

- **Dropdown** select position and height in Windows Chrome was preventing click action on bottom part of Dropdown.

> - **Input** hide Input decorations in IE and MS Edge.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Input** hide Input decorations in Internet Explorer and MS Edge.
```

> - **NumericStepper** hide input decorations in internet explorer and ms Edge.

Reviewer: Consistency: `MS Edge`. Also: `Internet Explorer"

- **Button** remove full height from block prop.

> - **Pagination** align rows lable in center in edge and IE.

Reviewer: Consistency: browsers names like above.

> - **Pagination** align rows lable in center in MS Edge and Internet Explorer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Pagination** align rows label in center in Internet Explorer and MS Edge.
```

Reviewer: "align rows label in center"? Does not seem very clear.

> - **Pagination** align Rows quentity selector label in center in Internet Explorer and MS Edge.

Reviewer: "quentity" -> "quantity"

## [Unreleased]

### Fixed

> - **Dropdown** select position and height in windows chrome was preventing click action on bottom part of dropdown.

Reviewer: "Windows Chrome"

> - **Input** hide input decorations in internet explorer and ms Edge.

Reviewer: "Internet Explorer"

Reviewer: "MS"
